Validation: Added Missing Descriptions (#240)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/sdk-native/map-control-concepts/map-icons.md

---
title: Map Icons | Microsoft Docs

> description: Describes icons's utility, outlines how to display icons on the map, and provides additional references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Describes Icons, the primary way to add a graphical image and text at a location within the map using the Bing Maps native controls, with a link to examples and additional information.

  utility, outlines how to display icons on the map, and provides additional references.
```
